## Daily Tasks
	- TODO Make an tutorial for learning programming
	  collapsed:: true
		- Basic programming and its concepts CS50 - {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfaMVlDaQ24}}
		- Low-Level-Design using Design Patterns - {{video https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6W8uoQQ2c61X_9e6Net0WdYZidm7zooW&si=rooDCZsbKOknO-ug}}
		- High-Level-Design {{video https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6W8uoQQ2c63W58rpNFDwdrBnq5G3EfT7&si=Y19NL3oygZcJ_eGa}}
		- Data structures and Algorithms
		- Unix programming
	- /TODO Make a tutorial for learning fieldbus
	  collapsed:: true
		- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fieldbus
- ## Scratchpad
	- Found a resource for [[AI]] [[AI/Prompt Engineering]]
		- https://alex-banks.notion.site/Prompt-Playbook-43570d2fe834440487c3aa7393571542
	- [[Training/Interns]]
		- Found a website called https://roadmap.sh - Website has verified roadmaps for learning skills
		- We can use this website to train up-coming interns.
		- Process (consider this a proposal from my side for training)
			- First we split the Interns into 2
				- Embedded Dev
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- Application Dev
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- Then we ask the interns to choose the roadmap based on what they have selected. Application Dev or Embedded Dev.
			- Our role will be to limit the roadmaps to relevant tech based on our projects and provide support to these Interns.
			- For Application Dev we can limit the choice of the roadmaps to these (**tentative**, need your help to finalise the roadmap choices as per the projects/ industry demand)
				- Full-stack
				- Frontend (beginner friendly version)
				- Backend (beginner friendly version)
				- C++
				- .Net
			- For Embedded Dev (since we don't have a roadmap for this we will have to create one)
				- Firmware
				- Embedded C++ (same as C++ roadmap)
			- Website only provides the roadmap or index of topics to learn, then we can encourage the interns to find good resources like books, videos on these topics by themselves.
			- Additionally, we can assign the interns a mentor who will be responsible for answering any questions or solving any blockers or serious problems.
			- This process will solve these things
				- For interns
					- It will give clarity on why they are learning
					  logseq.order-list-type:: number
					- It will also provide step by step path for learning
					  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- For Us
					- it will allow us to measure the Interns based on their learning and where they have reached on the roadmap.
					  logseq.order-list-type:: number
					- Mentor's will focus only on solving problems and issues instead of training them. Saving mentor's time. 
					  logseq.order-list-type:: number
					- Only interns who are serious about teamwork, learning and self-improvement will do well in this process, Giving us a clear idea on who are good fit for our team.
					  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- Along with the training interns will be assigned project where they will be applying what all they learned via the roadmap into the projects.
				- logseq.order-list-type:: number